Contribute document (#390)
vdaas/vald: CONTRIBUTING.md

We appreciate your help!

## Table of Contents

- [Contributing Issue](#Contributing-Issue)
  - [Before filing an issue](#Before-filing-an-issue)
  - [Filing issues](#Filing-issues)
  - [Bug Report](#Bug-Report)
  - [Proposal](#Proposal)
  - [Feature Request](#Feature-Request)
  - [Security Issue Report](#Security-Issue-Report)
- [Contributing Code](#Contributing-Code)
  - [Before contributing code](#Before-contributing-code)
  - [Contributing code](#Contributing-code)
  - [Branch naming convention](#Branch-naming-convention)

## Contributing Issue

### Before filing an issue

> If the behavior you are seeing is confirmed as a bug or issue, it can easily be re-raised in the issue tracker.

Reviewer: Can you tell me what is `issue tracker`?

Author: For example, this link describes the `issue tracker`.
https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/wiki/Submitting-Bugs,-Feature-Requests,-and-Pull-Requests#using-the-issue-tracker

Reviewer: Not sure if it is what you mean... 
```suggestion
If you can determine the problem you are facing is a bug or issue, you can easily submit in the issue tracker.
```

Author: :memo:

issue tracker is issues
https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues

> If you are unsure whether you have found a bug or security-related issues, please consider asking in the [Vald Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) first. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are unsure whether you have found a bug or security-related issues, please consider asking in the [Vald Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) first. 
If the behavior you are seeing is confirmed as a bug or issue, it can easily be re-raised in the issue tracker.

```

### Bug Report

A bug is a demonstrable problem which produce incorrect result or to behave in unintended ways.<br>
If you are unsure whether you have found a bug, please consider asking in the [Vald Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) first. <br>

Bug reports are helpful for developers who maintain the Vald project.<br>
A good bug report should not leave others needing to ask you for more information constantly.<br>
Please try to write as detail as possible in your bug report.

When filing an issue, make sure to answer these five questions:

1. What version of Vald are you using (vald docker image version)?
2. What operating system and processor architecture are you using?
3. What did you do?
4. What did you expect to see?
5. What did you see instead?

> Please submit [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fbug%2C+priority%2Fmedium%2C+team%2Fcore&template=bug_report.md&title=)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit the bug report [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fbug%2C+priority%2Fmedium%2C+team%2Fcore&template=bug_report.md&title=).
```

### Proposal

The Vald is being developed based on the design-driven process.<br>
The significant change to the library or the architecture should be discussed first.

> We may need detailed documentation before your proposal is implemented.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We may ask for the detailed documentation before your proposal is implemented.<br>
```

Your proposal will be reviewed and discussed and decide whether it is accepted or declined.

> Please submit [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit the proposal [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=).
```

Feature request is welcome.

Before opening an issue, please make sure your idea fits the project.<br>

> You can strongly request the feature and convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can request the feature and convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.
```

Before opening an issue, please make sure your idea fits the project.<br>
You can strongly request the feature and convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.

Please provide the problem and solution associated with the feature request as detail as possible.

> NOTE: When you'd like to contribute with the new feature of some large update influencing the current Vald, we recommend getting the agreement through the authors' design review of your ISSUE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you'd like to contribute the new feature which may affect the current Vald architecture or design, you should discuss with Vald team first.
```

> Please submit [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit the feature request [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=).
```

### Security Issue Report

The Vald team and community take serious concern about security issues.

Sensitive security-related issues should be reported to the security channel in the [Vald Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA).

We appreciate your efforts to disclose your findings.<br>

> If the security issue is caused by a third-party module, we will notify who maintaining the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the security issue is caused by a third-party module, we will contact the module owner and ask for the fix.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will consider to use another third-party module if the vulnerable module is not actively maintained anymore.

```

> Please submit [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fsecurity%2C+priority%2Fmedium%2C+team%2Fcore%2C+team%2Fsre&template=security_issue_report.md&title=)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit the security issue report [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fsecurity%2C+priority%2Fmedium%2C+team%2Fcore%2C+team%2Fsre&template=security_issue_report.md&title=).
```

If the behavior you are seeing is confirmed as a bug or issue, it can easily be re-raised in the issue tracker.

### Bug Report

A bug is a demonstrable problem which produce incorrect result or to behave in unintended ways.<br>

Bug reports are helpful for developers who maintain the Vald project.<br>
A good bug report should not leave others needing to ask you for more information constantly.<br>
Please try to write as detail as possible in your bug report.

When filing an issue, make sure to answer these five questions:

1. What version of Vald are you using (vald docker image version)?
2. What operating system and processor architecture are you using?
3. What did you do?
4. What did you expect to see?
5. What did you see instead?

Please submit the bug report [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fbug%2C+priority%2Fmedium%2C+team%2Fcore&template=bug_report.md&title=)

### Proposal

The Vald is being developed based on the design-driven process.<br>
The significant change to the library or the architecture should be discussed first.

> We may ask for the detailed documentation before your proposal is implemented.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We may ask for the detailed documentation before your proposal is accepted.<br>
```

> Your proposal will be reviewed and discussed and decide whether it is accepted or declined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your proposal will be reviewed, discussed and decide whether it is accepted or declined.
```

We appreciate your help!

## Table of Contents

- [Contributing Issue](#Contributing-Issue)

>   - [Where to file an issue](#Where-to-file-an-issue)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>   - [Where to file an issue](#Where-to-file-an-issue)

Reviewer: I think kiichiro-san means that you can delete this header.
```suggestion
```

  - [Bug Report](#Bug-Report)
  - [Proposal](#Proposal)
  - [Feature Request](#Feature-Request)
  - [Security Issue Report](#Security-Issue-Report)
- [Contributing Code](#Contributing-Code)
  - [Before contributing code](#Before-contributing-code)
  - [Contributing code](#Contributing-code)
  - [Branch naming convention](#Branch-naming-convention)

## Contributing Issue

> ### Where to file an issue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ### Where to file an issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Note:
When you'd like to contribute with the new feature of some large update influencing the current Vald, we recommend getting the agreement through the authors' design review of your ISSUE.

### Bug Report

A bug is a demonstrable problem which produce incorrect result or to behave in unintended ways.
Bug reports are helpful for developers who maintain the Vald project.

A good bug report should not leave others needing to ask you for more information constantly.
Please try to write as detail as possible in your bug report.

Things to check before reporting a bug:
- Check your environment

> Bug may occur depending on different version of Vald, Kubernetes and etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bug may occur depending on different versions of Vald, Kubernetes and etc.
```

- Identify the bug

> Developers need to reproduce the bug in the developers environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developers need to reproduce the bug in the developers' environment.
```

The significant change to the library or the architecture should be discussed first.

We may need detailed documentation before your proposal is implemented.
Your proposal will be reviewed and discussed and decide whether it is accepted or declined.

Things to check before submitting your proposal:

Please submit [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=)

### Feature Request

Feature request is welcome.

Before opening an issue, please make sure your idea fits the project.
You can strongly request the feature and convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.

Please provide the problem and solution associated with the feature request as detail as possible.

Things to check before submitting a new feature:

Please submit [here](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=))

### Security Issue Report

The Vald team and community take serious concern about security issues.

We appreciate your efforts to disclose your findings.

> If the security issue is caused by third-part module, we will notify the person or team maintaining the module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the security issue is caused by a third-party module, we will notify who maintaining the module.
```

        git config --global user.email "your_email@example.com"

> ### Contributing code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to contributing code
```
You should name different from parents' section name
